



[Illustration: This little book is from the library of ———————————————-
When you have read, and laughed with glee Please bring this book right
back to me.]




                        UNCLE WIGGILY’S SILK HAT
                                   or
             A TALL SILK HAT MAY BE STYLISH AND ALSO USEFUL
                                  and
   HOW UNCLE WIGGILY BROUGHT HOME COMPANY WITHOUT TELLING NURSE JANE
                                  also
            HOW UNCLE WIGGILY TRIED TO MAKE SALT WATER TAFFY


[Illustration: [Uncle Wiggily]]

                                TEXT BY
                            HOWARD R. GARIS
        Author of THREE LITTLE TRIPPERTROTS and BED TIME STORIES

                              PICTURED BY
                             LANG CAMPBELL

                             NEWARK, N. J.
                        CHARLES E. GRAHAM & CO.
                                NEW YORK




          IF YOU LIKE THIS FUNNY LITTLE PICTURE BOOK ABOUT THE
                 BUNNY RABBIT GENTLEMAN YOU MAY BE GLAD
                       TO KNOW THERE ARE OTHERS.


So if the spoon holder doesn’t go down cellar and take the coal shovel
away from the gas stove, you may read

   1 UNCLE WIGGILY’S AUTO SLED.

   2 UNCLE WIGGILY’S SNOW MAN.

   3 UNCLE WIGGILY’S HOLIDAYS.

   4 UNCLE WIGGILY’S APPLE ROAST.

   5 UNCLE WIGGILY’S PICNIC.

   6 UNCLE WIGGILY’S FISHING TRIP.

   7 UNCLE WIGGILY’S JUNE BUG FRIENDS.

   8 UNCLE WIGGILY’S VISIT TO THE FARM.

   9 UNCLE WIGGILY’S SILK HAT.

  10 UNCLE WIGGILY, INDIAN HUNTER.

  11 UNCLE WIGGILY’S ICE CREAM PARTY.

  12 UNCLE WIGGILY’S WOODLAND GAMES.

  13 UNCLE WIGGILY ON THE FLYING RUG.

  14 UNCLE WIGGILY AT THE BEACH.

  15 UNCLE WIGGILY AND THE PIRATES.

  16 UNCLE WIGGILY’S FUNNY AUTO.

  17 UNCLE WIGGILY ON ROLLER SKATES.

  18 UNCLE WIGGILY GOES SWIMMING.

        Every book has three stories, including the title story.

[Illustration: Uncle Wiggily HIS MARK]

                           _Made in U. S. A._

   Copyright 1919 McClure Newspaper Syndicate. Trade mark registered.
 Copyright 1920, 1922, 1924 Charles E. Graham & Co., Newark, N. J., and
                               New York.




                        UNCLE WIGGILY’S SILK HAT
                                   or
             A TALL SILK HAT MAY BE STYLISH AND ALSO USEFUL


[Illustration]

One day Uncle Wiggily, dressed in his best, started out to look for an
adventure. The rabbit met Uncle Butter, the goat gentleman, who never
cared much for style. “Why do you wear a tall silk hat, Uncle Wiggily?”
the goat gentleman asked. “What’s the use of being so fancy?” Uncle
Wiggily twinkled his pink nose. “A tall silk hat may stylish be, and
also useful, as you shall see,” he answered.

[Illustration]

Just as Uncle Wiggily told the goat gentleman that tall silk hats were
useful, along came Susie Littletail the rabbit girl. “Oh, boo hoo!”
sobbed Susie. “There’s a hole in the pail and all the milk is running
out!” Uncle Wiggily took off his nice shiny hat and said: “Never mind,
Susie! I’ll save the milk for you!” Uncle Butter gave a loud bleat. “Mr.
Longears!” cried the goat, “what are you doing?”

[Illustration]

“I am going to save Susie’s milk, that’s what I’m going to do,” answered
the rabbit gentleman. He placed his tall silk hat on the ground, and
into his hat he poured the milk from the leaky pail. “There you are,
Susie!” cried jolly Uncle Wiggily. “Only a little of your milk ran out.
I’ll take the rest home for you, and then Uncle Butter and I are going
to have a boat ride on the duck pond.”

[Illustration]

After taking the milk home for Susie, and drying out his hat at Mrs.
Littletail’s fire, Uncle Wiggily started off again with Uncle Butter.
They reached the duck pond where a monkey doodle gentleman let them get
in his boat to have a ride. All of a sudden, when they were a long way
from shore, the monkey stopped rowing and cried: “Oh, we are sinking!
There’s a leak in the boat and I can’t dip out the water!”

[Illustration]

“What’s that?” cried the bunny gentleman. “A leak in the boat!” The
monkey sorrowfully said there was. “What can we use to dip out the water
while we row to shore?” asked Uncle Butter. “Why, my tall silk hat, of
course!” laughed Uncle Wiggily. “If it holds milk it will hold water.”
So he bailed out the boat while the goat and monkey rowed to shore, and
Jackie Bow Wow watched them.

[Illustration]

Uncle Wiggily’s hat was so useful dipping the water out of the leaking
boat that it did not sink, and the bunny and goat were soon safely on
shore. But there they found more trouble. Jackie Bow Wow’s bag of sugar
had burst, and the sweet grains were running out on the ground. “Oh,
Uncle Wiggily! What shall I do?” asked the puppy dog boy. “Mother will
scold me for spilling her cake sugar!”

[Illustration]

“Quick, Uncle Butter!” cried the rabbit gentleman, as he saw what had
happened. “You hold up the bag of sugar and I’ll catch the grains in my
hat. We’ll save most of it!” So the goat gentleman held the bag, which
Jackie handed him, and Uncle Wiggily thrust his hat under the stream of
sugar. The wind and hot sun had soon dried the bunny’s hat so the sugar
wouldn’t be sticky. Everything was fine!

[Illustration]

Uncle Wiggily took his hat full of sugar to Jackie’s house for the
little doggie boy, and Mrs. Bow Wow, the dog lady, thanked the bunny. “I
never knew how useful a tall silk hat could be,” she said. “Nor I,”
agreed Uncle Butter. “I rather made fun of Uncle Wiggily, but I never
will again.” Then the two animal gentlemen went to call on Mrs.
Twistytail, the pig lady, who had been picking flowers.

[Illustration]

“Oh, I am so glad to see you gentlemen!” grunted Mrs. Twistytail as
Uncle Wiggily and Uncle Butter came up the steps. “I wish I had a vase
in which to put these blossoms.” Uncle Wiggily took off his hat. “Use
this,” he said. “Fill it with water and put the blossoms in. It’s a
regular vase!” Mrs. Twistytail said it was. Uncle Butter suddenly ran
away. “I’m going to buy me a tall silk hat!” he called back.




 And if the wash tub doesn’t try to ride to the moving pictures on the
   back of the clothes horse and make a smile come on the face of the
            clock, the next pictures and story will tell how

[Illustration: [Mr. Hedgehog]]




  UNCLE WIGGILY BROUGHT HOME COMPANY WITHOUT TELLING NURSE JANE. MISS
      FUZZY WUZZY WAS SO SURPRISED, BUT MR. HEDGEHOG HELPED A LOT.


[Illustration]

One day, when Uncle Wiggily was out walking in the woods, he met Mr.
Hedgehog Porcupine. “Ah, good morning, Mr. Hedgehog,” said the bunny
uncle, with a low and polite bow of his tall silk hat. “You are looking
quite happy, and not at all fretful to-day.” Mr. Hedgehog also made a
polite bow. “No, I am not fretful, and my stickery quills are not
sticking up just now,” the Porcupine said. “Will you do me the favor to
come home with me?” asked Uncle Wiggily. “We’ll run away from that
bear!”

[Illustration]

“Well, as I am hungry, I will come home to dinner with you,” said Mr.
Hedgehog. He and Uncle Wiggily walked through the woods until they
reached the bunny’s hollow stump bungalow. As Nurse Jane opened the door
Uncle Wiggily said: “My dear Miss Fuzzy Wuzzy, I have brought home
company for dinner.” And then, all of a sudden, the quills of the
Porcupine stuck up straight. “Oh, my goodness!” cried Nurse Jane. “Don’t
be afraid!” spoke Mr. Hedgehog. “I am just a bit fretful because of the
bear I saw in the woods.”

[Illustration]

“Aren’t you going to ask Mr. Hedgehog to dinner, Nurse Jane?” said Uncle
Wiggily. “Of course,” spoke the muskrat lady. “But I’m worried about
that bear, and I haven’t my breakfast dishes washed yet, on account of
helping Mrs. Wibblewobble, the duck lady, can some corn.” Mr. Hedgehog
laughed. “Don’t worry about that bear. I’ll fix him. As for your
breakfast things, I’ll help you. I’m one of the best dish drainers that
ever was.” So Nurse Jane washed the dishes, drained them between Mr.
Hedgehog’s quills, and then dried them.

[Illustration]

After the dishes had been drained and dried Nurse Jane got dinner for
Mr. Hedgehog, who was Uncle Wiggily’s company. But still the muskrat
lady was quite fussed. “Though, to be sure, Mr. Hedgehog did help a lot
with the dishes,” she said to herself. After dinner Uncle Wiggily said:
“Please shoot me one of your quills for a toothpick, Mr. Hedgehog.” The
porcupine said: “That is all a mistake. I can not shoot my quills, but I
can make them loose in my skin, so they come out easily. Please help
yourself to a toothpick.”

[Illustration]

After dinner Uncle Wiggily sat down to read the paper, and Nurse Jane
took her sewing basket to mend a hole in one of the bunny’s socks. “Oh,
but dear me!” suddenly cried the muskrat lady. “There isn’t a sewing
needle in the bungalow! I forgot to get some.” Mr. Hedgehog gave a low
and polite bow and made his quills stick out all sorts of ways. “Please
help yourself to one of my quills. You I can use it as a needle,” he
said, and Nurse Jane did. Meanwhile the bad old bear softly raised the
window to get Uncle Wiggily.

[Illustration]

All of a sudden, after Nurse Jane had finished mending the hole in Uncle
Wiggily’s sock, with one of Mr. Hedgehog’s quill needles, the bear began
to climb in. “Oh my!” screamed Nurse Jane. “I knew something would
happen!” Uncle Wiggily’s pink nose twinkled. “Quick!” cried Mr.
Hedgehog. “You and Nurse Jane hide in the closet, Uncle Wiggily. The
bear isn’t looking just now. I’ll lock the door.” The bunny and Miss
Fuzzy Wuzzy quickly hid. Nurse Jane was worried about Mr. Hedgehog.
“I’ll fix the bear,” said he.

[Illustration]

The bad old bear walked over toward the closet door, behind which Uncle
Wiggily and Nurse Jane had hidden. “This is the time I catch Uncle
Wiggily,” growled the shaggy, furry chap. Then he looked down to the
floor where Mr. Hedgehog had rolled himself up in a lump, with all his
quills stickin’ out. “Hello!” growled the bear, “Nurse Jane must have
put this croquet ball here so I’d stumble over it and not catch Uncle
Wiggily. But she can’t fool me! I’ll knock that ball out of the way with
my paw!”

[Illustration]

The bad old bear raised his left paw and right paw and he struck at what
he thought was a croquet ball on the floor. “Out of my way, so I can get
Uncle Wiggily!” growled the bear. But the next minute he gave a howl.
For the loose, stickery, prickery quills of Mr. Hedgehog Porcupine came
loose in the bad bear’s paws and hurt like needles, or slivers. “Oh wow!
Oh lollypops!” growled the bear. “Look out and see if Mr. Hedgehog is
being hurt,” said Nurse Jane. Uncle Wiggily looked. “Mr. Hedgehog is
laughing,” he said.

[Illustration]

The bad bear’s paws were so full of Mr. Hedgehog’s stickers, and they
hurt him so, that the unpleasant chap howled louder than ever and jumped
head first out of the window. “I’ve got to go see a doctor!” he whined.
Nurse Jane ran out in the kitchen and got her potato masher. “I’ll teach
you to come in my bungalow without being invited!” cried the muskrat
lady as she banged the bear with the masher. And Uncle Wiggily and Mr.
Hedgehog felt so happy they danced around the room. But the bear didn’t
dance for a week.

 And if the sunshine doesn’t tickle the baby on his nose, and make him
 sneeze talcum powder all over the pussy cat’s tail, the next pictures
                        and story will tell how

[Illustration: [Monkey]]




UNCLE WIGGILY SAW THE MONKEY DOODLE GENTLEMAN MAKING SALT WATER TAFFY AT
   THE SHORE. THE BUNNY TRIED IT, BUT NURSE JANE SAID: “NEVER MORE!”


[Illustration]

Uncle Wiggily and Nurse Jane were going along the board walk at the
seashore one day, when they saw a Monkey Doodle gentleman pulling
molasses taffy. “Here, where are you going?” cried Nurse Jane, as she
saw Uncle Wiggily hop toward the candy booth. “You can’t help him pull
it!” Uncle Wiggily tried to get his coat tails away from the muskrat
lady. “I just want to ask how he makes it,” he said.

[Illustration]

As soon as he reached the summer cottage, where he and Nurse Jane were
stopping, Uncle Wiggily put on the stove in a kettle, a lot of sugar,
molasses, butter, cocoanut and all such things as go into taffy. “I’m
going to have a taffy pull myself!” laughed Mr. Longears, as he invited
many animal boys and girls. “There’s going to be a terrible time here
soon,” sighed Nurse Jane, rocking to and fro. “Terrible!”

[Illustration]

“Well, I guess the taffy has boiled long enough now,” said Uncle Wiggily
after a while. The kitchen was filled with delicious smells. “Now be
careful!” called Nurse Jane. Uncle Wiggily said he would, but in
carrying the kettle over to the table, he spilled some on the floor.
“Oh, we can pry this up and eat it when it gets cold!” cried Sammie and
Susie the rabbits. Nurse Jane cried: “Look out!”

[Illustration]

“Accidents will happen!” laughed Uncle Wiggily as he poured the taffy
from the kettle into a buttered pan, and waited for it to cool. “A
little on the floor doesn’t matter.” Then he took up the lump of
partly-cooled candy, and started to hang it on the stove poker he had
bent into a hook like the Monkey Doodle’s. But, all of a sudden, the
bunny gentleman found his paws stuck fast in the sticky taffy.

[Illustration]

Nurse Jane put butter on Uncle Wiggily’s paws, and at last he got the
lump of taffy off, and placed it on the poker hook for pulling. “Now
we’ll soon have real salt water taffy!” he told the animal children.
“Hurray!” bleated Billie the goat. Nurse Jane stood ready with a pitcher
of water and a long spoon filled with butter, in case the bunny got
stuck again. Uncle Wiggily pulled out a long candy strand.

[Illustration]

Everything seemed to be going nicely, but all of a sudden, as Uncle
Wiggily tried to throw a loop of candy rope around the hook, to pull it
out again, he slung it around Nurse Jane. “Oh, I’m caught in the sticky
candy!” cried the muskrat lady. “Uncle Wiggily lassoed Miss Fuzzy Wuzzy
just like in a Wild West show!” barked Jackie Bow Wow. “Dear me! I
didn’t mean to do this!” cried the bunny.

[Illustration]

For a time it seemed that they would have to send for Dr. Possum. But at
last Uncle Wiggily and the animal children got Nurse Jane free from the
sticky candy rope. “Now I’ll try to pull the taffy again,” said the
bunny. He threw another loop of the sticky stuff at the poker hook, but
it tangled around the horns of Billie Wagtail. “Baa-aa-aa! Maa-aa-aa!”
bleated Billie. “Dear me!” said the bunny.

[Illustration]

After some little time Nurse Jane managed to get Billie loose from the
sticky candy. “You’d better give up trying to make taffy,” she told the
bunny. “This time I’ll make it,” he said, as he slung a big lump of the
sticky stuff at the hook. But the poker came loose from the wall, down
fell the candy and Uncle Wiggily sat right down in it! “Help! Help!”
cried the bunny, and they all rushed to help him get up.

[Illustration]

By using a kettle of warm water Nurse Jane managed to get Uncle Wiggily
loose from the candy on the floor. The animal children with shovels,
hoes and croquet-mallets also helped. Uncle Wiggily washed and dressed
himself in his best. “Where are you going?” asked Nurse Jane as he
hopped out the door. “I’m going to buy some taffy,” answered Mr.
Longears. “It’s easier than making it.”

------------------------------------------------------------------------




[Illustration: [Border]]

When you have finished reading this nice little book, perhaps you would
like to read a larger volume about Uncle Wiggily.

If so, go to the book store and ask the Man for one of the Uncle Wiggily
Bedtime Story Books, they have a lot of Funny Pictures in and 31
stories—one for every night in the month. If the book store man has none
of these volumes ask him to get you one or send direct to the
Publishers,

                          A. L. BURT COMPANY.
                          114 EAST 23rd STREET
                             NEW YORK CITY




[Illustration: [Border]]

                               LOOK HERE!

This handsome book has large color pictures throughout and wonderful
stories. Ask the book store man for _Adventures of Uncle Wiggily_.

                        CHARLES E. GRAHAM & CO.
                             NEWARK, N. J.

------------------------------------------------------------------------




                          TRANSCRIBER’S NOTES


 Page                    Changed from            Changed to

 Chapter Heading         [omitted]               UNCLE WIGGILY’S SILK
                                                 HAT or A TALL SILK HAT
                                                 MAY BE STYLISH AND ALSO
                                                 USEFUL

 1. Silently corrected obvious typographical errors and variations in
      spelling.
 2. Retained archaic, non-standard, and uncertain spellings as printed.
 3. Enclosed italics font in _underscores_.
